Add Python CDK checklist to PR description (#30933)
airbytehq/airbyte: .github/pull_request_template.md

- Documentation which references the generator is updated as needed

</details>

<details><summary><strong>Updating the Python CDK</strong></summary>

### Airbyter

Before merging:
- [ ] Pull Request description explains what problem it is solving
- [ ] Code change is unit tested
- [ ] Build and my-py check pass

> - [ ] Smoke test the change on an affected connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Smoke test the change on at least one affected connector
```

   - On Github: Run [this workflow](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/actions/workflows/connectors_tests.yml), passing `--use-local-cdk --name=source-<connector>` as options
   - Locally: `airbyte-ci connectors --use-local-cdk --name=source-<connector> test`
- [ ] PR is reviewed and approved
      
After merging:
- [ ] [Publish the CDK](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/actions/workflows/publish-cdk-command-manually.yml)
   - The CDK does not follow proper semantic versioning. Choose minor if this the change has significant user impact or is a breaking change. Choose patch otherwise.
   - Write a thoughtful changelog message so we know what was updated.

> - [ ] (Optionally) Merge the platform PR created for the Connector Builder

Reviewer: This is auto-created, right? Small wording suggestion if so.

```suggestion
- [ ] (Optionally) Merge the platform PR that was auto-created for updating the Connector Builder's CDK version.
```

As an aside, is this something we should actually be encouraging people to do? Or are we still happy with people just bumping the CB's CDK version as needed?

Author: >  is this something we should actually be encouraging people to do? Or are we still happy with people just bumping the CB's CDK version as needed?
Good question. I re-worded so that it's optional if the change does not affect the connector builder, but I don't feel too strongly about it either way
